README.md, before:

[![Tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white")](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Pre-Commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://pre-commit.com/)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/DM1122/fpcnn)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/DM1122/fpcnn)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn)
![Lines of code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![Pytest](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn/actions/workflows/pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn/actions/workflows/pytest.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/DM1122/fpcnn/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=E2N1A55HGR)](https://codecov.io/gh/DM1122/fpcnn)


<img src="img/utat-logo.png" height="64">

# FPCNN
FINCH Predictive Coder Neural Network.

A full end-to-end implementation of the [CSNN](https://www.mdpi.com/2313-433X/6/6/38) state-of-the-art compression algorithm for hyperspectral image data. Developed by the [University of Toronto Aerospace Team](https://www.utat.ca/space-systems) :milky_way:.

<p align="center"><img src="img/csnn.png" height="256"></p>

# Usage
Check out the interactive Google Colab [notebooks](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DM1122/fpcnn) to start tinkering.

# Contribution
## Setup
This section will take you through the procedure to configure your development environment. At a glance:
1. Install project's python version
1. Install git
1. Install poetry
1. Clone repository
1. Run poetry install
1. Configure IDE virtual environment
1. Install pre-commit hooks

Begin by installing the project's python version. See the badges at the top of the README for the version number.

If not already installed, install [git](https://git-scm.com/).

The repo employs [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) <img src="img/poetry-logo.png" height="16"/> as its dependency and environment manager. Poetry can be installed through the Windows Powershell via:
```
(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/install-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
```

Clone the repo using [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) <img src="img/github-desktop-logo.png" height="16"/> or the commandline via:

```
git clone https://github.com/DM1122/spotify-skip-prediction.git
```

From within the cloned repo, run poetry's install command to install all the dependencies in one go:
```
poetry install
```

Configure your IDE to use the virtual environment poetry has created at `C:\Users\<USERNAME>\AppData\Local\pypoetry\Cache\virtualenvs`. In the case of [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) <img src="img/vscode-logo.png" height="16"/>, enter the command pallet by going to `View>Command Palette` and search for `Python:Select Interpreter`. Select the appropriate poetry virtual environment for the repo.

Install the pre-commit script and hooks using:
```
pre-commit install --install-hooks
```

You're now ready to start contributing!

## Adding Packages
To add a new package to the poetry virtual environment, install it via:
```
poetry add <package>
```
This is poetry's version of `pip install <package>`.

## Testing
This repo uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/) for unit testing. To run all unit tests, call:

```
pytest -v
```

You can find an interactive report of test results in `./logs/pytest/pytest-report.html`. Individual tests can also be specified as follows:
```
pytest tests/test_<filename>.py::<function name>
```

Groups of tests can be run using markers. Assign a marker decorator to the group of functions you want to test like this:

```
@pytest.mark.foo
def my_test_function():
    # some test
```

To use the custom marker `foo`, it must be added to the list of custom pytest markers in `pyproject.toml>[tool.pytest.ini_options]>markers`. The tests marked with `foo` can then be run by calling:
```
pytest -v -m foo
```

Or to avoid all tests with a particular marker, call:
```
pytest -v -m "not foo"
```


## Commits
### Pre-Commit
This repo is configured to use [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks. The pre-commit pipeline is as follows:

1. [Isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/): Sorts imports, so you don't have to.
1. [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/): The uncompromising code autoformatter.
1. [Pylint](https://github.com/pycqa/pylint): It's not just a linter that annoys you!

Pre-commit will run the hooks on commit, but when a hook fails, they can be run manually to delint using:

```
isort . & black . & pylint_runner
```

Commit message:

Add mention of vscode restart during setup

README.md, after:

[![Tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=flat&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white")](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Pre-Commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://pre-commit.com/)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/DM1122/fpcnn)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/DM1122/fpcnn)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn)
![Lines of code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/DM1122/fpcnn)
[![Pytest](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn/actions/workflows/pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DM1122/fpcnn/actions/workflows/pytest.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/DM1122/fpcnn/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=E2N1A55HGR)](https://codecov.io/gh/DM1122/fpcnn)


<img src="img/utat-logo.png" height="64">

# FPCNN
FINCH Predictive Coder Neural Network.

A full end-to-end implementation of the [CSNN](https://www.mdpi.com/2313-433X/6/6/38) state-of-the-art compression algorithm for hyperspectral image data. Developed by the [University of Toronto Aerospace Team](https://www.utat.ca/space-systems) :milky_way:.

<p align="center"><img src="img/csnn.png" height="256"></p>

# Usage
Check out the interactive Google Colab [notebooks](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DM1122/fpcnn) to start tinkering.

# Contribution
## Setup
This section will take you through the procedure to configure your development environment. At a glance:
1. Install project's python version
1. Install git
1. Install poetry
1. Clone repository
1. Run poetry install
1. Configure IDE virtual environment
1. Install pre-commit hooks

Begin by installing the project's python version. See the badges at the top of the README for the version number.

If not already installed, install [git](https://git-scm.com/).

The repo employs [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) <img src="img/poetry-logo.png" height="16"/> as its dependency and environment manager. Poetry can be installed through the Windows Powershell via:
```
(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/install-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
```

Clone the repo using [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) <img src="img/github-desktop-logo.png" height="16"/> or the commandline via:

```
git clone https://github.com/DM1122/spotify-skip-prediction.git
```

From within the cloned repo, run poetry's install command to install all the dependencies in one go:
```
poetry install
```

Configure your IDE to use the virtual environment poetry has created at `C:\Users\<USERNAME>\AppData\Local\pypoetry\Cache\virtualenvs`. In the case of [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) <img src="img/vscode-logo.png" height="16"/>, enter the command pallet by going to `View>Command Palette` and search for `Python:Select Interpreter`. Select the appropriate poetry virtual environment for the repo. Restart VSCode if you do not see it listed.

Install the pre-commit script and hooks using:
```
pre-commit install --install-hooks
```

You're now ready to start contributing!

## Adding Packages
To add a new package to the poetry virtual environment, install it via:
```
poetry add <package>
```
This is poetry's version of `pip install <package>`.

## Testing
This repo uses [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/) for unit testing. To run all unit tests, call:

```
pytest -v
```

You can find an interactive report of test results in `./logs/pytest/pytest-report.html`. Individual tests can also be specified as follows:
```
pytest tests/test_<filename>.py::<function name>
```

Groups of tests can be run using markers. Assign a marker decorator to the group of functions you want to test like this:

```
@pytest.mark.foo
def my_test_function():
    # some test
```

To use the custom marker `foo`, it must be added to the list of custom pytest markers in `pyproject.toml>[tool.pytest.ini_options]>markers`. The tests marked with `foo` can then be run by calling:
```
pytest -v -m foo
```

Or to avoid all tests with a particular marker, call:
```
pytest -v -m "not foo"
```


## Commits
### Pre-Commit
This repo is configured to use [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks. The pre-commit pipeline is as follows:

1. [Isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/): Sorts imports, so you don't have to.
1. [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/): The uncompromising code autoformatter.
1. [Pylint](https://github.com/pycqa/pylint): It's not just a linter that annoys you!

Pre-commit will run the hooks on commit, but when a hook fails, they can be run manually to delint using:

```
isort . & black . & pylint_runner
```
